expose RenderWorldCopies property MAPSAND-588 (#1794)
mapbox/mapbox-maps-android: CHANGELOG.md

* Avoid tiles re-layout on enabling terrain with zero exaggeration. ([1791](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-maps-android/pull/1791))
* Asynchronous GeoJSON data parsing when adding a new style source. ([1791](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-maps-android/pull/1791))
* Unify the `margin`/`translation` `Widget` APIs into the `WidgetPosition.offset`, rename `WidgetPosition.horizontal`/`WidgetPosition.vertical` to `WidgetPosition.horizontalAlignment`/`WidgetPosition.verticalAlignment`; Deprecate the original constructors and `setTranslation` APIs. ([1782](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-maps-android/pull/1782))

> * Added API to enable/disable rendering of world copies in mercator mode. ([1794](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-maps-android/pull/1794))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add APIs to enable/disable rendering of world copies in mercator mode. ([1794](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-maps-android/pull/1794))
```

Reviewer 2: does it make sense to include gl-native bump pr link as well here?

Author: done

> * Added API to enable/disable rendering of world copies in mercator mode. ([1794](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-maps-android/pull/1794))

Reviewer 3: here we're stating that it's mercator - so I assume it's not supporting globe then? I don't see anything about it in javadoc though. so the question is - does this work in globe projection and if it does not - should we handle that case?

Reviewer 2: @kiryldz do we have world copies in globe ? I think in globe this is not the case.

Author: tested it with GlobeActivity. nothing critical didn't happen, even no logs about such setup

Reviewer 3: should we then remove `in mercator mode` from the changelog then?

Reviewer 4: @kiryldz well but if the api really does nothing when globe is turned on - why not mention it?

Reviewer 3: @yunikkk I totally agree - that's why imo we should be consistent: either mention it here **and** in javadoc _or_ don't mention it anywhere.

Reviewer 4: I see, than my suggestion is to mention everywhere =)

Reviewer 2: lets remove `mercator mode`, its not mentioned in javadoc as well.

Author: just update changelog
